c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.dll
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.pdb
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.g.resources
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.dll
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.pdb
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\nmqhd\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\HomePage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.g.resources
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.pdb
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.pdb
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SendAlertPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WeatherInformationPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginHomePage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationManagerPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ViewDataStationPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ChangePasswordPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\DataCollectionSupportPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MonitoringByStationTypePage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SensorListPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SettingAccountPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationMonitoringPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\en-US\System.Net.Http.SR.resw
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\en-US\System.Net.Http.Properties.CommonWebApiResources.resw
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\en-US\System.Net.Http.Properties.Resources.resw
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.pri
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\qualifiers.txt
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.pri
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\qualifiers.txt
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginSendAlertPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginWeatherInformationPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ar-SA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\az-Latn-AZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\be-BY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\bg-BG\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ca-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\cs-CZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\da-DK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\el-GR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\en-GB\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\es-MX\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\et-EE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fa-IR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fi-FI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fil-PH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fr-CA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\he-IL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\hi-IN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\hr-HR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\hu-HU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\id-ID\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\kk-KZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\lt-LT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\lv-LV\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\mk-MK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ms-MY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\nb-NO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\nl-NL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\pl-PL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\pt-PT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ro-RO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sk-SK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sl-SI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sq-AL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sv-SE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\th-TH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\tr-TR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\uk-UA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\uz-Latn-UZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\vi-VN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WarningInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SensorDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoggerPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDetailDataPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ThresholdWarningPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\DisasterAnnouncementPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\DisasterAnnouncementDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDataPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyDataMiningDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyDataMiningDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesDataMiningDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationActivityPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDataDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WeatherByDayInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WeatherDetailInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\layout.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\Resources.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\pri.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\priconfig.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\layout.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\Resources.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\pri.resfiles
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\priconfig.xml
C:\Work\Code\MHSM_PhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.pdb
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ar-SA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\az-Latn-AZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\be-BY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\bg-BG\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ca-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\cs-CZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\da-DK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\de-DE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\el-GR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\en-GB\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\es-ES\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\es-MX\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\et-EE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fa-IR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fi-FI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fil-PH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fr-CA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\fr-FR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\he-IL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\hi-IN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\hr-HR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\hu-HU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\id-ID\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\it-IT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ja-JP\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\kk-KZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ko-KR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\lt-LT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\lv-LV\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\mk-MK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ms-MY\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\nb-NO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\nl-NL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\pl-PL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\pt-BR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\pt-PT\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ro-RO\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\ru-RU\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sk-SK\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sl-SI\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sq-AL\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\sv-SE\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\th-TH\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\tr-TR\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\uk-UA\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\uz-Latn-UZ\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\vi-VN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\zh-CN\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\Bin\Debug\zh-TW\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.resources.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyDataMiningDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticHydrologyPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyDataMiningDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\AutomaticMeteorologyPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ChangePasswordPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\DataCollectionSupportPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\DisasterAnnouncementDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\DisasterAnnouncementPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\HomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoggerPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginSendAlertPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginWeatherInformationPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SensorDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationActivityPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDataDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDetailDataPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginHomePage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\LoginPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MonitoringByStationTypePage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SendAlertPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SensorListPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\SettingAccountPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationDataPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationManagerPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\StationMonitoringPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ThresholdWarningPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ViewDataStationPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WarningInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesDataMiningDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesDataMiningPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesDetailPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WaterResourcesPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WeatherByDayInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WeatherDetailInfoPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\WeatherInformationPage.g.cs
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.g.resources
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.dll
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MHSM_PhoneApp.pdb
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\en-US\System.Net.Http.SR.resw
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\en-US\System.Net.Http.Properties.CommonWebApiResources.resw
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\en-US\System.Net.Http.Properties.Resources.resw
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\Resources.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.pri
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\Resources.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\Resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.pri
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
C:\Users\nmqhd\WindowsPhoneApp\MHSM_PhoneApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
